ru/mail/polis/homework/io/CopyFile.java
 ru.mail.polis.homework.io.CopyFile
ru/mail/polis/homework/objects/RepeatingCharacters.java
 ru.mail.polis.homework.objects.RepeatingCharacters
 ru.mail.polis.homework.objects.RepeatingCharacters$Pair
ru/mail/polis/homework/ReadWriteLockBySemaphore.java
 ru.mail.polis.homework.ReadWriteLockBySemaphore
ru/mail/polis/homework/simple/HomeworkTask.java
 ru.mail.polis.homework.simple.HomeworkTask
ru/mail/polis/homework/collections/mail/Salary.java
 ru.mail.polis.homework.collections.mail.Salary
ru/mail/polis/homework/simple/MainTask.java
 ru.mail.polis.homework.simple.MainTask
ru/mail/polis/homework/collections/streams/account/Transaction.java
 ru.mail.polis.homework.collections.streams.account.Transaction
ru/mail/polis/homework/simple/Main.java
 ru.mail.polis.homework.simple.Main
ru/mail/polis/homework/simple/IntegerTask.java
 ru.mail.polis.homework.simple.IntegerTask
ru/mail/polis/homework/analyzer/FilterType.java
 ru.mail.polis.homework.analyzer.FilterType
ru/mail/polis/homework/collections/streams/WordFrequency.java
 ru.mail.polis.homework.collections.streams.WordFrequency
ru/mail/polis/homework/analyzer/TextAnalyzer.java
 ru.mail.polis.homework.analyzer.TextAnalyzer
ru/mail/polis/homework/collections/mail/MailService.java
 ru.mail.polis.homework.collections.mail.MailService
ru/mail/polis/homework/io/objects/Serializer.java
 ru.mail.polis.homework.io.objects.Serializer
ru/mail/polis/homework/io/Directories.java
 ru.mail.polis.homework.io.Directories
ru/mail/polis/homework/simple/DoubleTask.java
 ru.mail.polis.homework.simple.DoubleTask
ru/mail/polis/homework/functions/SimpleFunction.java
 ru.mail.polis.homework.functions.SimpleFunction
 ru.mail.polis.homework.functions.SimpleFunction$TerFunction
ru/mail/polis/homework/collections/PopularMap.java
 ru.mail.polis.homework.collections.PopularMap
ru/mail/polis/homework/collections/streams/SimpleStreams.java
 ru.mail.polis.homework.collections.streams.SimpleStreams
ru/mail/polis/homework/io/objects/Animal.java
 ru.mail.polis.homework.io.objects.Animal
ru/mail/polis/homework/io/objects/AnimalWithMethods.java
 ru.mail.polis.homework.io.objects.AnimalWithMethods
ru/mail/polis/homework/collections/mail/MailMessage.java
 ru.mail.polis.homework.collections.mail.MailMessage
ru/mail/polis/homework/objects/MaxTask.java
 ru.mail.polis.homework.objects.MaxTask
ru/mail/polis/homework/collections/streams/account/Account.java
 ru.mail.polis.homework.collections.streams.account.Account
ru/mail/polis/homework/io/objects/AnimalExternalizable.java
 ru.mail.polis.homework.io.objects.AnimalExternalizable
ru/mail/polis/homework/analyzer/TextFilterManager.java
 ru.mail.polis.homework.analyzer.TextFilterManager
ru/mail/polis/homework/collections/streams/account/Task.java
 ru.mail.polis.homework.collections.streams.account.Task
ru/mail/polis/homework/objects/StringTasks.java
 ru.mail.polis.homework.objects.StringTasks
